Allowing Unwrap w/ Newline files (#13044)
hashicorp/vault: changelog/13044.txt

```release-note:improvement

> trims newline character from wrapping token in UnWrap Go SDK

Reviewer: ```suggestion
api: Trim newline character from wrapping token in logical.Unwrap from the api package
```
